Update the distributed sequencer docs ready for V1 (#1269)
LFDT-Paladin/paladin: doc-site/docs/architecture/distributed_sequencer_overview.md

### Notarized token domains

Transaction ordering must be coordinated by the party acting as the notary because the notary must endorse every transaction before submitting it to the base ledger. This also allows the notary to optimistically coordinate subsequent transactions by tracking newly created states that other parties can attempt to use for their transactions before the state has actually been confirmed.

### Privacy preserving token domains

For domains that use technologies such as zero-knowledge proofs to validate the spending and minting of states, each party coordinates its own transactions because no central party has visibility of the spent and unspent states. Every node is responsible for building transactions in the correct order to prevent attempting to spend states more than once.

### Privacy groups and private smart contracts

> For private smart contracts deployed to a privacy group, every change to the state trie made by a private smart contract transaction must visible to subsequent transactions invoking the same private smart contract. This ensures that the new state trie created by the first tranasction is used as the starting state for the next transaction. This requires that only one member of the privacy group acts as the transaction coordinator at a given time, but since all members of the privacy group have visibility of the private smart contract state any party can act as the sequencer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For private smart contracts deployed to a privacy group, every change to the state tree made by a private smart contract transaction must visible to subsequent transactions invoking the same private smart contract. This ensures that the new state tree created by the first transaction is used as the starting state for the next transaction. This requires that only one member of the privacy group acts as the transaction coordinator at a given time, but since all members of the privacy group have visibility of the private smart contract state, any party can act as the coordinator.
```

Author: I'll fix this manually, leaving `trie` but fixing typo and `coordinator`
